[EDU-3136] feat: add activate ddos (#433)
aziontech/docs: src/content/docs/en/pages/secure-journey/advanced-configurations/activate-ddos.mdx

---
title: How to activate DDoS Protection Unmetered
description: Activate the DDoS Protection Unmetered module to protect your applications agains volumetric attacks.
meta_tags: secure, ddos, unmetered
namespace: docs_guides_secure_advanced_activate_ddos
permalink: /documentation/products/guides/secure/activate-ddos/
menu_namespace: secureMenu
---

> Once you activate [DDoS Protection Unmetered](/en/documentation/products/edge-firewall/ddos-protection/), you'll be protected against DDoS attacks. The protections works with unmetered mitigation and it automatically mitigates attacks against your domains and applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you activate [DDoS Protection Unmetered](/en/documentation/products/edge-firewall/ddos-protection/), you'll be protected against DDoS attacks. The protection works with unmetered mitigation and it automatically defends your domains and applications against attacks.
```

> Once you activate [DDoS Protection Unmetered](/en/documentation/products/edge-firewall/ddos-protection/), you'll be protected against DDoS attacks. The protections works with unmetered mitigation and it automatically mitigates attacks against your domains and applications.

Author: ```suggestion
Once you activate [DDoS Protection Unmetered](/en/documentation/products/edge-firewall/ddos-protection/), you'll be protected against DDoS attacks. The protection works with unmetered mitigation and it automatically mitigates attacks against your domains and applications.
```

:::note

> DDos Protection Unmetered is availabe for clients with **Business**, **Enterprise**, and **Mission Critical** Service Plans.

Reviewer: Maybe add link to service plans?

> DDos Protection Unmetered is availabe for clients with **Business**, **Enterprise**, and **Mission Critical** Service Plans.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
DDoS Protection Unmetered is availabe for clients with **Business**, **Enterprise**, and **Mission Critical** Service Plans.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
DDoS Protection Unmetered is available for clients with **Business**, **Enterprise**, and **Mission Critical** Service Plans.
```

:::

> You can activate this module at any point of your journey. It'll be helpful to protect your applications against volumetrics attacks as it has the always-on intelligence to mitigate complex attacks.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can activate this module at any point in your journey. It'll be helpful to protect your applications against volumetric attacks as it has the always-on intelligence to mitigate complex attacks.
```

It doesn't require any configurations, only that you activate it in your account and in a firewall:

1. Access Real-Time Manager (RTM) > [select the Account menu](/en/documentation/products/guides/how-to-access-rtm/#managing-the-account).
2. Select **Billing & Subscriptions** > **Subscriptions**.
3. In the **Edge Firewall** section, find **DDoS Protection Unmetered** and enable the switch.

> Next, go to the [edge firewall](/en/documentation/products/guides/secure/configure-main-settings#modules) in which you want to activate DDoS Protection Unmetered:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, go to [Edge Firewall](/en/documentation/products/guides/secure/configure-main-settings#modules) and proceeds as follow:
```

> 1. Select an edge firewall.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Select the edge firewall in which you want to activate DDoS Protection Unmetered.
```

2. Enable the **DDoS Protection Unmetered** switch.

> Now, the domains associated with the specific edge firewall will be protected against DDoS attacks.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Now the domains associated with the specific edge firewall will be protected against DDoS attacks.
```

> You can activate the DDoS module in any edge firewall you desire, as well as use it along with other modules.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You can activate the DDoS module in any edge firewall, as well as use it along with other modules.
```
